Being in a moment of reduced mobility,
with pain or discomfort from a health condition
or recovering from a procedure
is not a pleasant experience.
That is why we created Hypnos —
a cushion that lets you rest safely
and makes it easier to perform movements
like lying on your side.
Hypnos keeps your legs parallel
and your hip in a neutral position.
It prevents one leg from rotating over the other,
reducing the risk of dislocation.
It also reduces load on the knee joint
and relieves muscle tension —
giving you a sense of
wellbeing and relaxation.
If a family member or healthcare professional
is assisting you,
always introduce the leg
with less mobility first.
We are here to support
your recovery.
Hypnos — the cushion that not only
transforms your nights,
but also provides support and comfort.
Experience the difference of true rest.